Blend-AI new action destination docs (#4516)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/destinations/catalog/actions-blend-ai/index.md

> ## title: Blend-AI (Actions) Destination
> 
> {% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}
> 
> [Blend-AI](https://blnd.ai/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners) identifies the most valuable product 
> interaction in your product data and cross references it with new incoming leads.
> 
> This destination is maintained by Blend-AI. For any issues with the destination, [contact their Support 
> team](mailto:support@blnd.ai).
> 
> {% include content/ajs-upgrade.md %}
> 
> ## Getting started
> 
> 1. From the Segment web app, click **Catalog**, then click **Destinations**.
> 2. Find the Destinations Actions item in the left navigation, and click it.
> 3. Click **Configure Blend-AI**.
> 4. Select an existing Source to connect to Blend-AI (Actions).
> 5. Give the destination a name that is recognizable and detailed.
> 6. Paste your Blend's API key (found on Blend's integration page under Segment section)
> 7. Enable the destination by change the bottom "Enable Destination" toggle to active mode.
> 8. Click on "Save Changes"
> 9. Congratulations 🎉 Your integration is now live, and your team will get valuable insights soon.
> 
> {% include components/actions-fields.html %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
title: Blend-AI (Actions) Destination
hide-boilerplate: true
hide-dossier: false
private: true
hidden: true
id: 

{% include content/plan-grid.md name="actions" %}

[Blend-AI](https://blnd.ai/?utm_source=segmentio&utm_medium=docs&utm_campaign=partners){:target="_blank"} identifies the most valuable product interaction in your product data and cross references it with new incoming leads.

Blend-AI maintains this destination. For any issues with the destination, [contact their Support 
team](mailto:support@blnd.ai).

{% include content/ajs-upgrade.md %}

## Getting started

1. From the Segment web app, navigate to **Connections > Catalog**, then select the **Destinations** tab in the catalog. 
2. Search for *Blend-AI* and select it.
3. Click **Configure Blend-AI**.
4. Select an existing Source to connect to Blend-AI (Actions).
5. Give the destination a name that is recognizable and detailed.
6. Paste your Blend's API key (found on Blend's integration page under the Segment section).
7. Enable the destination by changing the bottom **Enable Destination** toggle to active.
8. Click **Save Changes**. 

{% include components/actions-fields.html %}
```
